

Who are we?

Our mission is to scale intelligence to serve humanity. We’re training and deploying frontier models for developers and enterprises who are building AI systems to power magical experiences like semantic search, RAG, and agents. We believe that our work is instrumental to the widespread adoption of AI.

We obsess over what we build. Each one of us is responsible for contributing to increasing the capabilities of our models and the value they drive for our customers. We like to work hard and move fast to do what’s best for our customers.

Cohere is a team of researchers, engineers, designers, and more, who are passionate about their craft. Each person is the one of the best in the world at what they do. We believe that a diverse range of perspectives is a requirement for building great products.

Join us on our mission and shape the future!

Why this role?

Ship state of the art models to production.

Design and implement novel research ideas.

Build elegant training/deployment pipelines.

Join us at a pivotal moment, shape what we build and wear multiple hats as an intern!

Our recruitment process will begin in the upcoming weeks, and we will be carefully reviewing applications and assessing potential candidates for our internships. Should we find a suitable match with your qualifications and our requirements, we will be in touch to discuss the opportunity further and to advance your application to the next stage

Please Note: To be eligible for this position you should be a student currently enrolled in a post-secondary program, available for a full-time 3-6 month internship, co-op, or research work term.

As a Machine Learning Intern, You Will

Design, train and improve upon cutting-edge models.
Help us develop new techniques to train and serve models safer, better, and faster.
Train extremely large-scale models on massive datasets.
Explore continual and active learning strategies for streaming data.
Learn from experienced senior machine learning technical staff.
Work closely with product teams to develop solutions.

You May Be a Good Fit If You Have

Proficiency in Python and related ML frameworks such as Tensorflow, TF-Serving, JAX, and XLA/MLIR.
Experience using large-scale distributed training strategies.
Familiarity with autoregressive sequence models, such as Transformers.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
A demonstrated passion for applied NLP models and products.
Bonus: experience writing kernels for GPUs using CUDA.
Bonus: experience training on TPUs.
Bonus: papers at top-tier venues (such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, AIStats, MLSys, JMLR, AAAI, Nature, COLING, ACL, EMNLP).